Joey does it oh hi Joey Thornton here
welcome back to my kitchen and my show
Jolene doesn't now today in the kitchen
we are making Scott and Danielle's nine
layer fancy tater tot casserole um it
comes from my friends call for following
back on the east coast hey stop now the
ingredients a link for today's recipe
are one bag of tater tops cooked ate
steakums one block or package of cheese
food product volcana chili one can of
spam sliced a half a bag of Cheetos
crushed a half a bag of Doritos crushed
two cups of ketchup one cup of mustard
and 1 tablespoon of hot sauce now what
you want to go ahead and do is mix your
hot socks your mustard and your ketchup
together like this baton they're all
right and the hot sauce about a
tablespoon that look good and just mix
it all up in a bowl now what I like
about this recipe is that it is so easy
it's pretty much just layering
everything together in a greased
casserole dish now we're going to go
ahead and start wearing the first layer
is going to be the stake ups just lay
them down there like that and i gotta
tell you come out here in santa barbara
and it is hard to find steakums these
days I don't know who the hell still
uses them what apparently we're gonna
all right next we're gonna go ahead and
put our tater tot phone there we go oh
that's nice though
make a nice layer I suppose if you
wanted to you could use french fries
maybe some of them spicy buns or crinkle
cut ones oh they're falling all over the
place a little midgets they're just make
that a nice layer just like bad now the
next thing you want to do is go ahead
and put half of the ketchup and mustard
mixture over the tater tots like that
just kind of spread it in there I guess
I'm looking at this right now and I
should have used a little bit of a
smaller casserole dish that's all right
it's all going in the same place now
we're going to go ahead and layer the
spam in there make sure when you get the
spam out of the can you wash all that
jelly stuff off it now we're go ahead
and put in the chili now you can use any
kind of chilly if you want it spicy or
if you're a vegetarian you can get the
bean chili put it in there they got a
lot of different varieties a chili now
oh there we go and just rub them on
their own master we're going to go ahead
and take the rest of the ketchup and
mustard mixture you know they got foods
like whack Amole and stuff like that you
can use it like a face mask I bet you
can't yup and mustard and hot sauce that
would open up your poems like a son of a
bitch oh there we go spread that all in
there nice Scott Scott now we're going
to go ahead and take the doritos after
that mmm Doritos make so many different
flavors now they got to ranching and
Dorito flavored and cheese and you know
mmm emran eyes are after the Doritos
we're going to go ahead and take our
cheese product and just leave
in there maybe you so nassty hago cheese
food product um their Swiss gorgonzola
cheese food products real good almost
all in there or you can use your
government cheese got any left and then
after that we're going to go ahead and
put the Cheetos oh hmm Cheetos Oh test
your cheetah and after that we're going
to go ahead and take the rest of the
tater tots and decorate it so if you're
bringing it to a church function or
something like that everybody knows that
this is a Tater Tot Casserole the nice
sunny color sunny cuz we're in
California all right now what you want
to go ahead and do is put it in a
preheated oven at 350 degrees for one
half of an hour Oh suckers happy rat
should be done Oh sting oh my eyelashes
just melted oh look at that ooh that is
looking de scrunches mmm get wit cha all
right here we're just gonna go ahead did
right in nine layer Tater Tot Casserole
supreme or dream or whatever it is and
get it on my orc ooh
oh bummer hum mm that's a big hunter
spam mm-hmm takes a little bit like ear
wax but spicy so it's good they can be
joined in the kitchen today make a
non-player can talk casserole swap damn
yo thanks guys this is joe thornton and
until next time